Design and ideas by Mohanr

My design is targeted at the power user. The tabs are moved to the side. Tasks take the place of tabs. Each task contains tabs, bookmarks, history and annotations.
1.	Visibility of tabs: I think the scalability issue of the tabs is because of the occlusion of their title texts, which acts as a key differentiator when users want to switch tabs. Favicons might help for a lesser number of tabs ( < 8), but they don’t scale well. 

Moving the tab bar to the side and listing the tabs vertically brings several distinct advantages:
•	The title text suffers from less occlusion and there is more text to read. Humans can also scan vertical list of texts more efficiently than in a horizontal list.
•	The design scales well: we can accommodate around 30 tabs on the side comfortably with readable title texts
•	The user can adjust the width of the side bar thereby adjusting the amount of title text displayed and the amount of screen space he wants to devote to displaying tabs
•	This design takes advantage of the fact that the consumer market is shifting more towards wide screen displays.

2.	(Always visible) Search bar: The side bar contains a search field at the bottom. User can enter text to search through all tab titles, (bookmarks, history) and annotations from a single place across all tasks. 

3.	User can also get a sense of the tabs belonging to other tasks by hovering over the tasks that are not active. This helps them to get a sense of the non-active tasks without actually switching to them. This minimises context switches that are purely intended to improve the awareness on the open tabs.

4.	Hibernate task: User can hibernate a task when he/she is done working with it for the time being. He wants to continue working on other tasks and would prefer the current task to be removed from the active context to free up system resources. He can then choose to hibernate the task. When user hibernates a task, the task is still visible in the task bar but is made visually distinct from the non-hibernated tasks.

5.	Working with hibernated tasks: When user switches to a hibernated task, he can choose to activate the entire task or choose to activate and work on a few specific tabs belonging to the task.

6.	Branching off tasks from a current task: When the user wants to branch off certain tabs from the current task into a new task, he enters into a special mode which makes visible several UI elements which help the user accomplish the branching. For example, he can select individual tabs, reorder them vertically as well as horizontally (creating a hierarchy) and move them into a new task.

7.	Thumbnail view toggle: User can toggle between thumbnail views and tab views in the sidebar. This might help user who prefer the visual thumbnails to the text titles of the tab. 
