Russ' design alternatives and ideas

1. We want it to be very easy to create a new context from an existing set of tabs. 
The user right clicks to bring up a pop-up menu, and choose to create a new context. A dialog is presented allowing a name to be entered for the context. The tab becomes highlighted and has a "context header" added.

2. To add a tab to an existing context, the user grabs a tab and drag-and-drops it onto a group. The tab moves inside the group and changes colour to match. This matches well with current interactions for reordering tabs. Users will also want to reorder groups of tabs, so they can grab the "context header" and drag the whole context side to side. The header also includes a button which hides/hibernates the context to the Tasks list.

3. Users are limited by how many tabs can be fit into the tab bar. If they can shrink the tab, more can be reasonably kept track of (i.e. without scrolling). A tab be shown full size, or as just a favicon. Also, an entire context can be collapsed to just a small footprint while it is out of focus. 

4. When a task is not needed immediately, the user can right-click it and "Add to To-Do List". The To-Do List is a place where groups of tabs can be stored temporarily and easily removed when finished. This will reduce the overhead people feel when using bookmarks for this purpose, but let them get those pages out of the way when not using them.
Sometime a user wants to clear their workspace quickly, such as when there's some kind of interruption like the start of a meeting or class, or an unexpected visitor. A quick button allows them to take all current items and dump them in the To-Do list in one click.

5. A user can bookmark a context, including in the Bookmarks Toolbar (aka Favorites Bar, etc.). A combo button pops up a menu listing the various tabs included in the context. If a user clicks one, it is opened in the current context. 

6. To support sharing a context, it can be drag-and-dropped into other applications, where it will be shared as a file. It can then be emailed, sent in an instant message, or posted online for others to use.
If a context is drag-and-dropped onto the desktop, it will be opened in a new window. 

7. In the bookmarks sidebar, a context acts much like a folder, in that sub-lists can be expanded or hidden. However, if a context is selected, all children will be opened at once.

8. Existing features like the "Quick tabs" feature can be naturally extended. Quick tabs should only show those tabs which belong to the current context. By clicking on the arrows at the left and right, the previous/next context is shown. This should help the feature scale better.

9. Alternatively, the quick tabs can be zoomed out to show all contexts at once, as well as uncontexted tabs. Items can be moved around, and if a tab is dragged into a context it is added to that context. 

10. Different tasks show up as items in the Alt-tab menu, and on the OS taskbar. This makes it easier and more natural to switch between tasks. 