#summary Checklist of topics/ideas for semi-structured interviews.


=Background=
 * job
 * familiarity with computers 
 * amount of use of browser
 * age / education


=Browsing behaviour=
Web Browser Tasks
 * <b>To-do list</b>
 * <b>Sharing</b>
 * <b>Frequently Used</b>
 * <b>Research Collection</b>
Work vs. School vs. Personal <br>
 * what types of pages visited?
 * what tasks are they trying to achieve?
 * are browsing pattens different?
Search vs. autocomplete vs. creating structure<br>
Perceived Problems with achieving these tasks


=Existing Tools=
Which browser(s)?
Tabs / Multiple Windows<br>
 * how many tabs at once?
 * patterns of behaviours opening/closing tabs?
 * grouping of tabs?
 * re-arranging into groups?
Bookmarks<br>
 * last time something bookmarked?
 * what do you bookmark?
 * do you feel the bookmarks will be useful?
 * online bookmark sites or services?
 * why bookmark?
 * how many bookmarks? how are they organized/grouped?
History<br>
 * last time used history? 
 * browse history or search?
 * how do you sort history?
"Quick Bookmarks" / bookmarks toolbar<br>
 * what's there? 
 * what size is the button? (Russ keeps short names or icons)
AwesomeBar<br>
Searching<br>
Coping Mechanisms/Strategies<br>
 * how do they achieve their needs (todo list, sharing, frequently used, research collection) with existing tools? do they use these tools in novel/unintended ways?
Extensions / Addons
 * Have they tried extensions?
 * Have they continued to use them?

=Sharing context with others=
 * current strategies
 * email? facebook? del.icio.us?
 * share single pages vs. groups of pages
 * how often want to share? how often actually share?
 * give up on sharing b/c it's inconvenient?

=Revisitation=
 * visit a specific page?<br>
 * visit a group of pages?<br>