Participant is 26 year old male CPSC grad student. He’s a heavy browser user, a self-proclaimed “tab addict”. Primary browser is Safari, as he uses an Apple. Also uses Firefox.

He has identified two main modes of using the browser. When working, he tried to reduce his tab usage and only have 4 or 5 tabs open, maximum. When doing non-work stuff he is more exploratory, and will open ‘many’ tabs. He’ll visit a site like Techcrunch, and open articles up in new tabs. Then when reading the article, he’ll open up links from it and end up with a large number of tabs on some topic area.If there’s a tangential topic, he’ll open it up in a new window to keep it more self contained. 

To temporarily hide stuff he’ll minimize the whole window. He might leave a window open but minimized for a day or two max, but not longer. If the open windows start slowing down the computer or the topic area starts to seem less relevant, he’ll often close the whole window. He says that this is often before he’s really ‘done’ with that topic and he feels he’s closing them too early. Sometimes if the links are more important he’ll copy them all manually into a text file and save it. Also, he will try and synthesize what he’s found out about a topic and write up his ideas in a text file of “project ideas”. 
Firefox lets you save tabs when closing the window. He really likes this feature, and says that it is enough to make him switch browsers. He’s tried several times, but in the end keeps switching back to Safari because FF is too slow, or crashes sometimes (such as when watching videos). 

He’s used an extension which lets him copy the addresses of all open tabs in a window. This lets him paste them into the text file more easily. Has sampled a few other extensions (such as del.icio.us), but no longer uses them. Has a special bookmark (in the Bookmarks drop-down menu) which takes the current page and shares it on Facebook. If you’re not logged in it gives you the login page in a new window. Will also sometimes copy/paste an address into Facebook.

He uses the bookmark toolbar regularly. Organizes pages into folders, so he gets a drop-down menu when he clicks one. One folder is called “Organize”, and is an unsorted list of pages. Every couple of months he’ll go through these and either organize or delete them. 