#summary Background, work contexts, etc.

Background

In this information age, managing collected information is more often a problem than finding or collecting it. This problem of information overload is especially acute in the web domain. With ever more essential information migrating online and web pages evolving into feature-rich applications, users want it to be all the more easily accessible. A lot of work has been done on making web sites more usable: we intend to take a critical look at the usability of the web browser. Have the various elements of web browsers, such as tabs, bookmarks and history, scaled sufficiently to deal with the complexities of the new age? To a user who has hundreds of bookmarked web pages, how useful or usable is the concept of bookmarks? Are tabs a good model for a user who routinely has more than 13 pages open [[1]]?

The strategy of reducing clutter using context and window management has evolved from single document interfaces through multiple document interfaces and currently to tabs. However, fueled by ever more powerful computers and the accelerating growth of the web, the number of concurrently open tabs seems to be steadily increasing for many users, and the current design of tabs in the browser often fails to handle the high level of ensuing complexity. In current web browsers, web pages are organized in tabs and windows. Users can open multiple windows and within each window a number of tabs. While tabs in various forms have been around for quite some time (mentioned by 1992, see [[3]]), tab-based web-browsing was introduced about a decade ago. Browser tabs were created to avoid cluttering the operating system's taskbar. However, it seems that the same problem has migrated to the browser's tab bar, resulting in unorganized and cluttered tabs. From past experiences of the users involved in our interview sessions, situations in which the users were overwhelmed by the number of tabs left open and unused in the browser is not uncommon. 

An increasing amount of effort can be witnessed in attempts to alleviate the problems of the tab interface. For e.g., in Internet Explorer 8, Microsoft introduced a way to help users to automatically organize the tabs using color based on their link relationships. A plethora of plugins exists for Firefox. The TabGroups [4] manager plugin for e.g., offers a similar yet more extensive solution in which the users can organize the tabs by groups.
 
While bookmarks and history give users access to the web pages that they have visited before, managing them can still be quite a daunting task especially when it comes to finding something specific one has in mind. Some users use bookmarks rarely if at all and rely on other mechanisms such as the auto-complete feature when typing in a URL, or entering the same string again in a search engine. Alternatively, some users create numerous bookmarks, but due to the complexity involved in managing them, end up using only a tiny percentage. Histories are uncategorized and typically listed only by site or according to chronological order, without context. Some work has been done to address this; for example there exist browser plugins such as History Tree for Firefox that present a spatial and hierarchical visualization of the browsing history. However, tools like these still don't make the browser transparent enough, suggesting that a more elegant solution is needed. 

Our system tackles the problem of browsing complexity by introducing an integrated, task-focused interface that reduces the tab, bookmark and history organization overhead altogether and makes browsing the web an easier task for the users.

[cite more literature in background]

Expected Types of Users

We expect our system to be used by, and beneficial to, a large percentage of computer users who frequently use the Internet. However, due to time limitations and to constrain the scope of the project, we choose to narrow down our target user group to a subset of the population. Specifically, we target those who are expert browser users, meaning they regularly utilize a combination of organizational features in the web browser to aid their navigation of the Internet, including tabs, bookmarks and history. Additionally, we expect these expert browser users to use the browser heavily; that is, they will have relatively long browser sessions, open numerous tabs and/or windows, and use the browser for multiple high-level tasks.

Work Context

On a regular basis, users need to access the Internet to perform a variety of tasks, such as shopping, banking, browsing through media and retrieving information. Not all these tasks will lead to cluttered and unmanageable tabs and bookmarks; for example, we expect that highly exploratory tasks such as 'background research' or literature review will lead to heavier tab usage, while focused tasks such as online banking will not. We hope to focus on a combination of tasks/work context in user's browsing activities that require a heavier usage of the web browser's organizational features.

Our target users perform numerous tasks in the browser, and will often alternate between these tasks. For example, a research task may be interrupted by something more urgent like an incoming email, and then returned to later. Some tasks are long running, and will be completed across multiple sessions. Some tasks require input from other people, and so will be set aside temporarily.

What the system will be used for

Our system is intended to be used for organizing tabs, bookmarks and histories, where they could become unmanageable in current systems. Users can group tabs, bookmarks and histories together based on the tasks they are working on. Bookmark and history contents can be specified on a per-task basis, and all contents associated with a task is cleared when the user finishes and deletes the task. We expect users would feel organizing browsing data in an explicit manner to be a tedious task initially, but would progress to realize increased productivity using our interface. To alleviate this overhead, users are not required to use groups. Instead, when they feel that the complexity is too high they have the option of using our context-based approach.

System Constraints

To simulate a real-world usage environment for our evaluation phase, we hope to implement our system as a plug-in for the Mozilla Firefox Browser. Our ability to tweak the browser interface might be somewhat limited; more research and exploration is needed for us to fully understand the capabilities of the Firefox plug-in development API. Since we face a severe time constraint, it may be necessary to create a medium-fidelity interactive mockup, rather than a working system. 
If a Firefox plugin is feasible, it should work across all major operating systems. If we instead decide to create a mockup we will likely commit to a single operating system, presumably Microsoft Windows.  
Ideally, we would creating a working system and evaluate it by observing its use in real work settings. However, due to time constraints, a field study such as this will be impossible. Instead, we will likely do a qualitative laboratory experiment, where the user is introduced to the system, given a series of tasks to perform, and observed while performing the tasks.