#summary Home page for TaskExamples. Possibly link to each example on its own page.

Concrete task examples. You will list at least 5-7 concrete task examples that has the properties listed in Appendix 1. Try to keep task descriptions short and to the point. Each task should be accompanied by a paragraph that describes the class of the expected user (eg, a typical customer), the relative importance of the task (e.g. frequently done and important, infrequently done but still important, rare and not important, etc), and whatever other nuances you feel should be included. Describe how the tasks were collected and validated.

----

Task: Literature Research (Billy)<br>
Billy, a ECE Master student, is trying to find relevant literatures on large screen displays in preparing for his presentation in CS544. He opens up Google Scholar and types in the phrase ‘Large Screen Display’, and it returns numerous results. He opens up the papers that seems most relevant and spends his time reading them. Once in a while he goes off to check his emails and browses other websites, before he refocuses again on the literature search.

Discussion
The user represents a frequent and power computer user group who potentially represents a large portion of our target participants for our study. The task is frequent and important, as graduate students need to search through literatures for both their courses and research.


Task: Finding Visited Page through History (Billy)<br>
Yang, a Chinese high school student, wants to find a Chinese comic series that he can read online. He is not proficient in typing in Chinese characters, and he remembers he browsed through some other Chinese comics last week. Instead of trying to type in the Chinese characters, he looks through his browser history to find the previous web pages he has visited and copies the Chinese characters from those web pages for his new search.

Discussion<br>
The user represents a unique group that requires special character input into the browser. But the task of searching and location information through the browser history is common across most people. Though the task is not performed frequently, it could be critical when previous/lost information is needed to be located.

----

Sharing of jazz music videos (Russ) <br>
Bob is a lover of jazz music, and frequently watches videos of jazz performances on YouTube. He finds that some of these recordings are of much higher quality than others, but are difficult to find again because there may be many recordings of the same artist playing the same song. After Thanksgiving dinner at his sister's house, Bob wants to show the videos to his brother-in-law, Carl. He recalls a particularly good video from his memory and searches until he finds it, while Carl looks on. They then repeat the process for about another hour.

Discussion <br>
The user has a need to access his saved stuff from other computers, which he may never have used before. This is also a case where bookmarking is still easier than just searching again, even though the bookmarks are only accessed occasionally. It’s an example of a “research collection”. This particular task is only occasional, however we've seen other examples of people syncing bookmarks across machines or browsers.

Undirected browsing (Russ) <br>
Sam, a graduate student, arrives at the university 20 minutes before his class. He decides to browse his favourite news sites. He opens his web browser and opens a few standard pages, the ones he checks regularly for news and updates. As news stories catch his eye, he opens them in separate tabs, intending to read them soon. He then reads them one by one, but after a few minutes the class is about to begin so he must stop suddenly and come back to the stories later. 

Discussion <br>
This is an example of “frequently used” items. He wants to open a bunch of stuff quickly, and does it in a rote manner (which is currently inefficient). This also highlights the need to “hibernate” a whole group of tabs to come back to do later, which is a “to-do list”. This task is fairly frequently performed, perhaps once or twice a day. The importance is not particularly high, as the current methods do get the job done.

Russ's cousins (Russ)<br>
Alice, an 18 year old hairdressing student, is planning a trip to take a hairdressing course with her friend, Jill. Since she doesn't own her own computer, she uses the family PC. Jill has previously researched courses and narrowed down the list to two, one in Vancouver and one in Los Angeles. Alice goes on the Internet to research flights, hotels, and local transportation options. She searches Expedia.ca for fight+hotel packages, and cross-references the hotels with Google Maps to determine if the hotel is walking distance from the course or if there is a reasonable public transportation option. After she finds some good options, Alice needs to show this information to Jill, so she emails her the pages.

Discussion <br>
This is a “research collection”, and also shows the need for “sharing”. It’s an example of a strongly cohesive “task”. Research tasks such as this are fairly common, although this particular example is certainly rare. It's unclear what percentage of research tasks are shared with another person either at the end or throughout the task. 

----

Emailing link to yourself/Not bookmarking (Mohan)<br>
Task: Tom is casually browsing, viewing a bunch of websites, reading news articles. He reads a news article that reminds him of a topic that he had wanted to know more of. He opens a new window and starts searching for the topic and opens a bunch of web pages. He goes through the pages, jumping back and forth to assess their content. He closes pages that is not interesting to him. After he spends a while reading, he wants to return to whatever he was doing earlier. But he is not finished yet with his current exploration. So he copies the URLs of the open pages and pastes them into an email. He annotates them with text if necessary and then emails it to himself or saves it as a draft. At a later point of time, when Tom wants to resume working on the task, he opens up the email and opens the links in a new window and continues the process.

Discussion<br>
The user is an average computer user who wants to keep things simple by minimizing multiple simultaneous contexts. The task is representative of a large sample of users in that users employ different coping strategies (such as bookmarks) to keep track of multiple contexts and to alternate working between them. This task is an example of the extent of gardening people are willing to do to work with multiple contexts in a better manner. This task is fairly frequent, occurring every few days. This task is also fairly important, as users have reported closing window earlier than they would like because they want to reduce clutter/improve system performance, and manually tracking the addresses is too much trouble.

----

Task: Hibernation Interruption? (Tao)<br>

Tao is a graduate student at UBC. He is planning for his Christmas trip. He is now researching his trip on the computer. He opens up several tabs in his browser, including Expedia.ca to check for air tickets, google to check for possible destinations and so on. However it is too late now and Tao is quite sleepy and wants to go to sleep. But he is right in the middle of it and does not want to reopen all those pages next time. Unfortunately, the browser he use does not provide an easy-to-use save session function. So he reluctantly closes his browser and goes to bed.

Discussion:
The need to save state is a recurring theme. For some users, this will be a common task, as they turn off their computer every night but have not enabled the hibernate feature on their computer. Others use shared computers, where it is impolite to leave many windows open between browsing sessions. 

Sharing Links thru IM/Facebook? (Tao) <br>

Task: Open several pages each time browser starts (Tao) <br>

Jimmy is a first year undergraduate student at UBC, studying Engineering. Jimmy has just returned from school and had dinner with his family. He sits down in front of his computer and starts surfing the internet. Like everyday, now Jimmy wants to open several websites from his bookmark collection at one time, including facebook, gmail, youtube, and some other news websites. He then reads the websites in detail one by one.

Discussion:<br>
The user represents a typical user group, they are computer users with average computer skill levels and use the internet frequently for entertainment and information acquisition. The task represents a typical default task which will be performed quite frequently for all groups of users. Many people tend to open a group of pages each time they start browsing the internet. We can call this the "home task" instead of the idea of home page in classical web browser.

Task: Quickstart Toolbar with 30 icons (Tao) <br>